hey guys v2 Drake care and yes I'm going
to call the whole I Asda store a thing
because it doesn't quite make that much
sense a lot of people don't really get
what it means so I'm going to can i'm
just going to cut out it actually means
destroyer in German I like German
language so i figured i'd say the story
because it means the australia or
because they do is destroy and it means
the destroyer but not the point modern
warfare 3 gameplay' now you didn't
expect that did you you didn't expect
that what you expect it was Black Ops 2
gameplay because for some reason out of
every single media outlet youtubers aid
between 15 and 20 odd maybe a little
older maybe substantially older a going
to have gameplay over anyone else in
places like gamespot IGN game trailers
even hugely in shoes like then any new
sauce there they won't have Black Ops 2
gameplay but a low-down youtuber learns
a couple of ground the month will do and
for some reason when you click on the
video and you don't see black ops 2
gameplay you're amazed you're amazed at
how it has a title black ops 2 and it
isn't black ops 2 gameplay i am again
amazed as to why people think that
youtubers will have gameplay for of
black ops 2 better yeah i would be
surprised but I'm also more surprised at
the fact that they give out advice they
give out advice to developers two people
have been doing this job before they
were born they give out the enticing we
want this we want now we've been playing
this game really will that be making it
for Alaska players and they know what
they're doing okay and the ideas I here
are just same old shit okay same old
shit time after time death streaks we
want this or we don't want deaf streaks
or if we do have death Drix we want this
we want perks we want these as
killstreaks we want these weapons
balance out etc etc is the thing okay if
you really want to change ecology ok
play a few different games understand a
few different systems ok for example
I've been playing a ton of counter
strike source the last couple there the
last week or so in the last week I've
locked about 25 to twill make 25 to 30
hours ok and the system in that game
over create class is substantially
better ok for you guys haven't played it
is the counter strike is essentially
based off of search and strike well I
get my bad search and Stroh is based off
of comments
and run by round depending on how many
enemies you kill whether you plan a bomb
whether you get assists such things like
that you will gain more money per round
what does that enable you to do well you
can spend more money on the next time
round ok what does that do it instills a
skill level in the game ok now don't get
me wrong ecology we are the game it does
not take skill ok I'm good at the game
ok I've been playing for years i will
tell you ok my gameplay is not
impressive ok because this game takes no
fucking skill ok all the weapons a hit
scan ok what does that mean you shoot
you click the button it kills things ok
the perks are ridiculous ok I would be
amazed if college you introduce a skill
level in this game because prestiges
aren't them I've heard people call me
out saying your 10th prestige it must
mean you really good no it just means i
played the game for a long time one of
the best skill skill level parameters in
any game of this jen is metal gear
online ok if you don't play the game for
a certain amount of time it ranks you
down if you do well it ranks you up if
you do but it runs you down if you play
the game for X amount of hours you'll
stay the same ok on my calls you where
you run cup now I'm going to tell you
this very quickly ok stop asking for a
game ok that we already have ok play
different games understands different
genres and try and drag them into it
that's what happened with ecology for ok
world of warcraft influence ecology for
massively okay we got a persistent
unmarked system and it worked amazingly
well ok i am yes i'm getting bored of
ecology yes i am playing all the games
yes i'm getting bored of all the
youtubers ok you think they understand
something about game design when they
have played maybe two or three games in
their life ok and they think they are
the shit called ue and they know
everything about it ok ok well then that
guys if you really want to like to feel
feel free to do so no doubt you will
dislike it if you're a fan by piece